Warehouse 
The warehouse is a cavernous open space with concrete floors painted a pale blue colour.
Red lines clearly mark out walk ways from fork lift drive paths. The warehouse appears to
have been broken down into sections to the front of the warehouse there are two plastic 
sheeting covered holes in the wall, the space behind them is clear however after that on 
the wall can be found the word <Sorting Area>. Looking to the opposite side of the room 
you can see six smaller gaps in he wall covered by the same plastic sheeting as the others. 
The wall beside this area reads <Loading Bay>. Next to you there is a desk that has been 
labelled <Parcel Repair>. This seems to be were damaged parcels go when they need fixing. 
The last feature of the warehouse is a window surround <Office> in the near right hand corner. 



Sorting Shelving 
The sorting area is broken down into postcodes and forwarding piles. Some to be shipped to other
distribution centres and others to be delivered to the local area. In the forwarding section 
there are a number of parcels to be sent however only four of them match the size of the parcel
you are looking for. You can take a look if you wish. 

(Enter the box number to look at its shipping details)


Loading Bay 
The loading bay has a fairly simple layout. A wheeled cage trolley can be easily wheeled from 
the sorting area to the smaller entrances which then allows for easy loading of the delivery 
vans when they are getting ready for their delivery runs. There is a single <Roller Cage> 
sitting off to the side of one of the loading areas.

Roller Cage
Three parcel lie in an almost tower like structure in the bottom of the Roller Cage. Most of 
the labels are obscured. You can take a closer look at each box to see its shipping label.


Damaged Parcels Area
On the desk sits two parcels that seem a little worst for wear. The <Box 1> seems to have 
been dropped as one of the corners has the characteristic signs of landing face first. 
<Box 2> seems to have been crashed by another parcel significantly heavier then if could 
withstand. All around its side are the wrinkles in the cardboard formed when it buckled 
under the weight which also seems to have caused the corners to spilt.  


Office
*if not searched
As you get closer to the office you see there is someone inside it. They would recognise 
instantly that you weren’t supposed to be here. You best search else where until they leave. 
*if office empty
you enter the office and find cluttered space. On a table in the back of the room semi-ordered 
stacks of paper climb the wall. Three of the four sides of the boxy room have glass windows 
that span the length of the side. The bottom edges of the window frames are coated with a thin
layer of dust which appears to have been disturbed in places where people have lent against it.
On a table that faces into the warehouse sits a <Computer> with it password and username handily
stored on a post-it note stuck to the top left-hand corner of the screen. 
